        

	https://codepen.io/tonybrat/pen/gOpvbzZ?editors=1100



	1. What is Semantic HTML?
 	A standardized naming convention for elements that makes it easier to read and understand html 
        2. What is HTML used for? 
	Html is the language used to diplay web pages on the internet.
	3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	Attributes define additional properties of an element and they are located in the opening tag
 	4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The first header on a page. Should only be used once
        5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	image and anchor tags
        6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
 	Metadata
        7. What is an id?
	A CSS selector used to select on unique element 
        8. What elements can I add an id to?
	The ID attruibute can be used on any HTML element
        9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	once
        10. What is a class? 
	A css selector that can be used by multiple elements
        11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	The class attruibute can be used on any HTML element
        12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	multiple times 
        13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	create an anchor tag
        14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	used to specify alternate text for an image that cant be displayed
        15. How do I reference an id?
	use the #ID name
        16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Section defines specific sections in an html document while divs just define divisions
        17. What is CSS used for? 
	add style to an html document
        18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{enter code}
        19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	ID is used for a unique element while class can be used for multiple elements
        20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.classname{enter code}
        21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human{enter code}
        22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	The parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element
        23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A selector that assists in the selection of something that cannot be expressed by simple selector ie :hover
        25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
        26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
        27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform
        28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border: black;   border-style: dotted;
        29. How do I select everything on the page?
	* wild card selector 
        30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/*commment*/
        31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	pwd 
        32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
        33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
 	rm its irreversable
        34. Why should I use version control?
	to allow multiple users to access and change a single file 
        35. How often should I commit to github?
	every 20 mins or whenever you leave you work station
        36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
	git push 
        37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, add collaborater, git clone, create a branch, git add, get commit -m "message", get push
    Stretch Questions

        1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	inline elements do no force a new line to begin in the document, while block elements cause a line break to occur
        2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
